README.md, before:

Table of Content:


Challenge Name | Link
---------------|-----
Array Reverse  |[Array-Reverse](https://github.com/AhlamAlefishat-401-advanced-javascript/data-structures-and-algorithms/tree/master/code-challenges/array-reverse)
---------------|-----
Array Shift    |[Array-Shift](https://github.com/AhlamAlefishat-401-advanced-javascript/data-structures-and-algorithms/tree/master/code-challenges/arrayShift)
---------------|-----
Array Binary Search | [Array-Binary-Search](https://github.com/AhlamAlefishat-401-advanced-javascript/data-structures-and-algorithms/tree/master/code-challenges/arrayBinarySearch)
---------------|------
Linked list    |[Linked-list](https://github.com/AhlamAlefishat-401-advanced-javascript/data-structures-and-algorithms/tree/master/code-challenges/Data-Structures/linkedList)
--------------- |------ 
Merge two linked lists | [Merge-lists](https://github.com/AhlamAlefishat-401-advanced-javascript/data-structures-and-algorithms/tree/master/code-challenges/Data-Structures/ll-merge)

Commit message:

working on stacks and queues

README.md, after:

Table of Content:


Challenge Name | Link
---------------|-------------
Array Reverse  |[Array-Reverse](https://github.com/AhlamAlefishat-401-advanced-javascript/data-structures-and-algorithms/tree/master/code-challenges/array-reverse)
----------------|------------
Array Shift    |[Array-Shift](https://github.com/AhlamAlefishat-401-advanced-javascript/data-structures-and-algorithms/tree/master/code-challenges/arrayShift)
---------------|-------------
Array Binary Search | [Array-Binary-Search](https://github.com/AhlamAlefishat-401-advanced-javascript/data-structures-and-algorithms/tree/master/code-challenges/arrayBinarySearch)
---------------|-------------
Linked list    |[Linked-list](https://github.com/AhlamAlefishat-401-advanced-javascript/data-structures-and-algorithms/tree/master/code-challenges/Data-Structures/linkedList)
--------------- |-------------
Merge two linked lists |[Merge-lists](https://github.com/AhlamAlefishat-401-advanced-javascript/data-structures-and-algorithms/tree/master/code-challenges/Data-Structures/ll-merge)
-------------- |-------------
Stacks and Queues |[Stacks-and-queues](https://github.com/AhlamAlefishat-401-advanced-javascript/data-structures-and-algorithms/tree/master/code-challenges/stacksAndQueues)
